hello and welcome to the second part of
the 3d tap modeling tutorial in today's
lesson will be creating the ball and
there the glass on the last tutorial
will create a tap and this will be
pretty much a continuation on those
lessons now let's head straight to
studio max now this is the type of
created last time and unfortunately I
lost my initial model for that tutorial
so I've had to use the original that are
created earlier now we start off by
creating the ball I've using a simple
technique so that any beginner can
understand if I easily so straight away
let's go to create body shapes then line
and just sketch out any shape you like
but trying the much mind slightly so
that go to your modifier panel and
select late now you can either search
for them for the modifiers this way or
you can just type the beginning of that
the beginning of the name
and then when you click that your form
should look something like this or maybe
you come out as a cool ball already but
if not just click here to to display the
access click on access and just drag it
something like that
and I already showed the shape of a ball
if you come here you can see what we
just created now go to put your modifier
panel and select shell you can have a
search for your just type in Shu display
once the supplied it gives it a bit of
body now see what we have in there if
you've got something similar to adjust
it just fall back to the line and
actually we might just use the lake
itself go to the axis
and drag it may be too
drag its to drag it to the end to the
riches there i'll show you how to fix
all these little boats in later
tutorials I want you've got the as you
can see for sharp edges so to remove
those just apply the messiness to or the
terrible smooth but I normally use the
mesh mesh smooth and it's going to be
more software you can increase the
iterations to make it as smooth upset my
iterations to two and then I'm going to
drag my bowl just like that or something
like that and then drag it down slightly
and that looks okay
so that's what we have so far and in
terms of the glass will use the same
method once more or to create shapes
line and then just catch out the
cross-section of the glass maybe
something like this
click it may be here
right click to let go and then go to the
modify panel again select late click
now we'll go to the axis
and just direct out up to their 24 hour
glass
that's what we have so far the bottom is
a bit
that's a bit wide so we can fix that by
going back onto our line and into the
vertex and just drag that in a little
bit maybe something like that when you
go back to the late the bottom look so
right now okay with that we're going to
apply the the shell modifier also
I want to do maybe we can make it a
little bit smaller going to not point
one
and that's gone the thickness is not so
much also I apply the mesh smooth and
that set their number of iteration to
whatever makes you feel comfortable by
be careful if you go over three your
computer may slow down
just drag that oversaw and then that's
what we have so far now to create the
base that's quite simple just grab the
box and drag it up
you may be here then to see where your
model stand it just call either on the
left or the front view this way you can
adjust the position just to make sure
this properly penis all right
that's pretty much
what we have so far
and then this here you can ever can have
a drag drag it down or just click on go
to
editable poly select the vertices and
just drag it in and go back that's okay
so that's pretty much what we have in
terms of our models all that's left now
is applying the materials and doing the
final render hope this lesson was
helpful if you've got any questions just
visit www.xyz org and then I'll be happy
to answer your questions in more detail
thanks for watching